# SAMY

The SAMY framework is a skill based, hardware agnostic tool that provides an interface based on OPC-UA to control devices that are connected with SAMYPlugins to the framework. These devices can than be controlled with user defined skills. This enables advanced control mechanisms to control different devices while using a unified interface. The framework is configured using YAML files, including the definition of the skills, the device configuration and SAMYCore settings.

### SAMYCore
The SAMYCore is the heart of the framework. It reads the config files and creates a OPC-UA server with all the nodes that are needed to communicate with the plugins and the controller. It then listens to the controller for skills that need to be executed, translates them into CRCL commands which are then send to the correct plugin.

### SAMYPlugins
Each plugin represents a device. This can be a robot but also any other device, for example a camera or a conveyor belt. SAMYPlugins receive CRCL commands and translate them into the device specific language. They also tell the SAMYCore when the execution of a CRCL command is finshed.

### Docker
All parts of the SAMYFramework are packed as Docker images. This makes it a lot easier to maintain and share the project. This means that you can start all parts of the framework with one command. For this docker-compose is used.

# Demonstration Video
In this video a small assembly task is shown. All the equipment is controlled with the SAMY framework. On the left side are the events generated by the SAMY framework that coordinate the SAMYCore with the SAMYPlugin. \
[Video of UseCase](assets/SAMY_FHTW_UseCase_Events.mp4) \
To demonstrate the hardware agnostic we changed the ABB robot with a second UR5 Robot. No changes to the controller where necessary. \
[Video of UseCase with two UR5](assets/SAMY_FHTW_2xUR5_UseCase.mp4)


# How-To
[Create new Plugin with C++](new-plugin-cpp.md) \
[Create new Plugin with Python](new-plugin-python.md)
